# TA Sync 3 Notes
## November 9, 2022

### List of Attendees 
- Ananya (TA)
- Sashwat 
- Elise
- Shasta 
- Clarissa 
- Zihang 
- Sky 
- Bradley
- Steven 

### Today's Meeting Discussions
- Explained timeline, sprint, and subgroup breakdown
- Presenting status updates from subgroups task scheduling application

### Status Updates
* Bradley and Steven
  * CI/CD Pipeline + Github Repo Walkthrough
  * *Input from Ananya: Separating into separate branches for specific features*

* Shasta and River
  * Current Tasks + Add Tasks Walkthrough
  * *Input from Ananya: Dropdown menu for duration selection, consider additional user inputs, adjust input labels to make more intuitive*
  * **More feedback incoming in Slack**

*Ananya Input for the Following: Create wireframe/sketches of Month and Weekly UI for clarity*
* Sky, Sash, and Dean
  * Month Calendar Walkthrough
* Elise and Clarissa
  * Weekly Calendar Walkthrough
  
### Action Items (To Do List)
- Document daily progress
- Continue implementing Sprint 1 goals

**Continue posting daily standups in Slack channel**

Keep up the good work everyone :)
