# Group 33 Standup
## 11/10/22 (Holiday so standup optional)

### Sash
Today, I will try to combine the monthly calendar we made along with the weekly calendar. I will also finish styling the calendar.

### Bradley
Worked with Steven, additionally will look into further pipeline features in the future.

### Dean
Fixed a small bug of monthly calendar, will try to combine the monthly calendar we made along with the weekly calendar.

### Steven
Today, I worked with Bradley to overhaul the previous pipeline and implement a new structure where the members that work on specific features create new branches to work on said features independently from the main branch until they are ready to merge. Additionally, we edited the workflow to add the functionality for members of the group to add unit tests for their work in the future.

### Shasta
Today, going to implement Ananya's suggestions further (dropdown menu for duration, adding more user input sections, changing the labels). Going to also look a bit more into styling and implementing CSS. Planning on meeting with River later today or tomorrow to finalize. Still awaiting more specialized input from Ananya.